hey guys and this is gonna be my first
ever sponsored video this is gonna this
is a pretty decent sponsor if I do say
so myself basically this website ivona
star GG will be down in the description
it's a website where basically you can
get free steam keys riot points gift
cards and all that and all you have to
do is literally just when you come here
you just make a profile and stuff you
can go own coins these are like some
offers you can do in there really
they're very good but I go to a photo
room like I complete them and then wait
for them to read because it's easiest
because if you go to one click and here
this is gonna be an easy a coins all you
have to do is click on that go back to
here if that's a load and here you go
that's eight coins already and I'm at a
oh what a number yeah there's some other
office that I've quite buggy maybe there
what people they don't work for me I
know that so I just wait to do this when
you first make an account you'll have
one of these in like it will be an e
bonus that Gigi chest you just open that
and he'll give you something random like
her either points steam key for
something like I don't know but if I go
to my profile I am a premium user
because I am spot I responds to chip
with these guys and as you can see this
is my value and this is going to be a
code that I can give away to you guys
it's worth 400 coins so if you guys want
to copy that code here I won't for you
to like if you want a screenshot and it
will give you 400 coins and this is just
my partner stuff and I'm gonna be able
to take this off and after I've done
this so that would be great and and this
one because I'm giving away this code
right here so that'd be great if you
guys want to check it out for yourself
the link will be on the description
maybe you can get sponsored by itself
it's basically free steam keys and all
that if you want them and uh yeah it's
been raced and up